c:\users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.exe.config
c:\users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.exe
c:\users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.pdb
c:\users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\FirstWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.g.resources
c:\users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\FirstWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.exe
c:\users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.pdb
c:\users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\FirstWPFHome2.baml
C:\Users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\FirstWPFReportPage2.baml
C:\Users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\FirstWPFHome.g.cs
C:\Users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\FirstWPFReportPage.g.cs
C:\Users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\FirstWPFHome.baml
C:\Users\admin.joel.schoeni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\FirstWPFReportPage.baml
